Compose Documentation (#70)
BottleRocketStudios/Android-ArchitectureDemo: docs/BEST_PRACTICES.md

#### Tip
To display a helpful viewer for TODO and FIXME tags in Android Studio, go to Navigate -> Tool Windows -> TODO

### Jetpack Compose
#### Compose Module
Compose UI code is being developed in a separate module to decrease compile time for Compose previews.  This also enforces separation of concerns to avoid references to viewmodels and other non state related code from being coupled to UI code.

#### Compose Screens
##### State

> Composable screens should be driven by a state object and lambas.  This state class is defined at the screen UI level in the compose module.  It can be used to drive previews of the screen.

Reviewer: @BottleRocket-Colin Couple of things:

1. typo in lambda (corrected in snippet below)
2. I think it might be helpful to also mention this class will prevent you from attempting to reference the ViewModel directly and helps create fake data for previews easily (I've modified the last line in the snippet below)

```suggestion
Composable screens should be driven by a state object and lambdas.  This state class is defined at the screen UI level in the compose module.  It can be used to drive previews of the screen easily with fake data, which wouldn't be the case if viewmodels were directly referenced.
```

```kotlin
@Composable
fun PrimaryButton(
    modifier: Modifier = Modifier,
    buttonText: String,
    forceCaps: Boolean = false,
    onClick: () -> Unit,
    enabled: Boolean = true
) {
    Button(
        onClick = { onClick() },
        modifier = modifier,
        shape = RoundedCornerShape(Dimens.grid_1),
        contentPadding = PaddingValues(Dimens.grid_1_5),
        enabled = enabled,
    ) {
        Text(
            text = if (forceCaps) buttonText.uppercase() else buttonText,
        )
    }
}
```

Developers should favor breaking large UI elements into composables and passing down state.  **However, only pass down the state that is required for that specific UI element and avoid coupling to higher level state objects.**

#### Previews
Every composable function that renders UI should have at least one preview.

```kotlin
@Preview(showBackground = true)
@Composable
private fun PreviewPrimaryButton() {
    Preview {
        PrimaryButton(
            buttonText = "Hello World",
            onClick = { },
            modifier = Modifier
                .padding(Dimens.grid_1)
                .fillMaxWidth()
        )
    }
}
```

##### Preview All States

> 

Reviewer: @BottleRocket-Colin nit: Remove this blank line after the heading for consistency with the approach used in other headings

> If the UI element can have multiple states then it is ideal to exercise each of those states in a preview.  For example, if a button can be in a disabled state then create a preview that demonstrates that state.

Reviewer: @BottleRocket-Colin Thanks for adding this point!

```kotlin
@Preview(showSystemUi = true)
@Composable
fun CreateSnippetScreenPreview() {
    Preview {
        CreateSnippetScreen(
            state = CreateSnippetScreenState(
                title = "".asMutableState(),
                filename = "".asMutableState(),
                contents = "".asMutableState(),
                isPrivate = true.asMutableState(),
                creationFailed = false.asMutableState(),
                createEnabled = true.asMutableState(),
                onCreateClicked = {},
                onTitleChanged = {},
                onFilenameChanged = {},
                onContentsChanged = {},
                onPrivateChanged = {}
            )
        )
    }
}
```

##### Previewing Multiple Form Factors
It is important to preview each screen on all possible form factors.  To that end, the following annotation has been created in PreviewUtils.kt

```kotlin
@Preview(showSystemUi = true, device = Devices.FOLDABLE)
@Preview(showSystemUi = true, device = Devices.TABLET)
@Preview(showSystemUi = true, device = Devices.DEFAULT)

> annotation class PreviewAllDevices

Reviewer: @BottleRocket-Colin Thanks for creating this! I see that you're just using it on 1 screen at the moment. How do you feel about using this annotation on all the existing screen preview composables?

Author: Will do
